[Inference API] Add Docs for Amazon Bedrock Support for the Inference API (#110594)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/inference/service-amazon-bedrock.asciidoc

(Required, string)
The model provider for your deployment.
Note that some providers may support only certain task types.
Supported providers include:

* `amazontitan` - available for `text_embedding` and `completion` task types
* `anthropic` - available for `completion` task type only
* `ai21labs` - available for `completion` task type only
* `cohere` - available for `text_embedding` and `completion` task types
* `meta` - available for `completion` task type only
* `mistral` - available for `completion` task type only

`model`:::
(Required, string)
The base model ID or an ARN to a custom model based on a foundational model.
The base model IDs can be found in the https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/model-ids.html[Amazon Bedrock model IDs] documentation.
Note that the model ID must be available for the provider chosen, and your IAM user must have access to the model.

`region`:::
(Required, string)
The region that your model or ARN is deployed in.
The list of available regions per model can be found in the https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/models-regions.html[Model support by AWS region] documentation.

`rate_limit`:::
(Optional, object)

> By default, the `azureaistudio` service sets the number of requests allowed per minute to `240`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `amazonbedrock` service sets the number of requests allowed per minute to `240`.
```

> This helps to minimize the number of rate limit errors returned from Azure AI Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This helps to minimize the number of rate limit errors returned from Amazon Bedrock.
```

Author: Argh - great catches ;) That's what I get for copy / pasting

To modify this, set the `requests_per_minute` setting of this object in your service settings:
+
--
include::inference-shared.asciidoc[tag=request-per-minute-example]
--

`task_settings`::
(Optional, object)
include::inference-shared.asciidoc[tag=task-settings]
+
.`task_settings` for the `completion` task type
[%collapsible%closed]
=====

`max_new_tokens`:::
(Optional, integer)

> Provides a hint for the maximum number of output tokens to be generated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sets a maximum number for the output tokens to be generated.
```

Not sure what "hint" means here, rewording tries to clarify

Defaults to 64.

`temperature`:::
(Optional, float)

> A number in the range of 0.0 to 1.0 that specifies the sampling temperature to use that controls the apparent creativity of generated completions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A number between 0.0 and 1.0 that controls the apparent creativity of the results. At temperature 0.0 the model is most deterministic, at temperature 1.0 most random.
```

Should not be used if `top_p` or `top_k` is specified.

`top_p`:::
(Optional, float)

> A number in the range of 0.0 to 1.0 that is an alternative value to temperature that causes the model to consider the results of the tokens with nucleus sampling probability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternative to `temperature`. A number in the range of 0.0 to 1.0, to eliminate low-probability tokens. Top-p uses nucleus sampling to select top tokens whose sum of likelihoods does not exceed a certain value, ensuring both variety and coherence.
```

> Should not be used if `temperature` or `top_k` is specified.

Reviewer 2: Reading around it looks like top-p and top-k can be used in combination?

Author: FYI - you're correct here... theoretically, you _can_ use all three, but you shouldn't use `temperature` and `top_p` at the same time. For reference, see the [parameters in Amazon's Anthropic docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/model-parameters-anthropic-claude-text-completion.html)

> `top_p`:::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`top_k`:::
```

Assuming the first top_p is the correct one 😉

(Optional, float)
Only available for `anthropic`, `cohere`, and `mistral` providers.

> A number in the range of 0.0 to 1.0 that is an alternative value to temperature or top_p that causes the model to consider the results of the tokens with nucleus sampling probability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternative to `temperature`. Limits samples to the top-K most likely words, balancing coherence and variability.
A number in the range of 0.0 to 1.0.
```

Should not be used if `temperature` or `top_p` is specified.

=====
+
.`task_settings` for the `text_embedding` task type
[%collapsible%closed]

> =====

Reviewer 2: @markjhoy I think this unclosed `====` block might be breaking your build :)

Author: Ah thanks! I could not figure out for the life of me where that error was coming from!

There are no `task_settings` available for the `text_embedding` task type.

[discrete]
[[inference-example-amazonbedrock]]
==== Amazon Bedrock service example

The following example shows how to create an {infer} endpoint called `amazon_bedrock_embeddings` to perform a `text_embedding` task type.

> The list of chat completion and embeddings models that you can choose from should be a https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/model-ids.html[Amazon Bedrock base model] you have access to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Choose chat completion and embeddings models you can access from the https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/model-ids.html[Amazon Bedrock base models].
```
nit: keep sentence short
